README.md, before:

# Shiv's Portfolio

Welcome to my portfolio repository! 🎉

## About

This is a minimalistic portfolio site that showcases my work and interests. It is hosted on my home lab setup and can be accessed at [shiv.bigliboo.dev](https://shiv.bigliboo.dev).

## Features

- **Personal Introduction**: Displays a brief overview of who I am and what I do.
- **Contact Information**: Includes links to my email, phone, LinkedIn, GitHub, and resume.
- **Home Lab Projects**: Lists some of the projects hosted on my home lab setup.

## Setup

If you want to create your own minimal portfolio site, feel free to use this code as a starting point. Here’s a basic guide on how to set it up:

1. **Clone the Repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/shiv-tyagi/your-repo-name.git
    cd your-repo-name
    ```

2. **Customize Content**:
   Modify the HTML and JavaScript files to fit your personal information and preferences.

3. **Host Locally**:
   You can use a local server to view your site. For example, if you have `http-server` installed, you can run:
    ```bash
    npx http-server
    ```

4. **Deploy**:
   Deploy your site to your preferred hosting service. 

## License

Feel free to use and modify this code for your own projects. 

## Contact

If you have any questions or need assistance, don’t hesitate to reach out to me.

- **Email**: shivtyagi3015@gmail.com
- **LinkedIn**: [linkedin.com/in/shiv-tyagi](https://linkedin.com/in/shiv-tyagi)
- **GitHub**: [github.com/shiv-tyagi](https://github.com/shiv-tyagi)

Happy coding! 🚀

Commit message:

Readme.md: add instructions for kubernetes

README.md, after:

# Shiv's Portfolio

Welcome to my portfolio repository! 🎉

## About

This is a minimalistic portfolio site that showcases my work and interests. It is hosted on my home lab setup and can be accessed at [shiv.bigliboo.dev](https://shiv.bigliboo.dev).

## Features

- **Personal Introduction**: Displays a brief overview of who I am and what I do.
- **Contact Information**: Includes links to my email, phone, LinkedIn, GitHub, and resume.
- **Home Lab Projects**: Lists some of the projects hosted on my home lab setup.

## Setup

### Simple setup using npx http-server

If you want to create your own minimal portfolio site, feel free to use this code as a starting point. Here’s a basic guide on how to set it up:

1. **Clone the Repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/shiv-tyagi/your-repo-name.git
    cd your-repo-name
    ```

2. **Customize Content**:
   Modify the HTML and JavaScript files to fit your personal information and preferences.

3. **Host Locally**:
   You can use a local server to view your site. For example, if you have `http-server` installed, you can run:
    ```bash
    npx http-server
    ```

4. **Deploy**:
   Deploy your site to your preferred hosting service. 

### Deploy using kubernetes

If you have a kubernetes setup, you can simply clone this repo and run `kubectl apply -f install.yml` with appropriate kubernetes context to deploy the website.

## License

Feel free to use and modify this code for your own projects. 

## Contact

If you have any questions or need assistance, don’t hesitate to reach out to me.

- **Email**: shivtyagi3015@gmail.coBm
- **LinkedIn**: [linkedin.com/in/shiv-tyagi](https://linkedin.com/in/shiv-tyagi)
- **GitHub**: [github.com/shiv-tyagi](https://github.com/shiv-tyagi)

Happy coding! 🚀
